 White Blood Cells (WBC’s) classification is one of the important tasks that help medical doctors to diagnose diseases easily through patient’s blood sample. 
 There are two main methods for WBC classification task. One of the methods is human labour. 
 The problem of classifying the abnormal cells manually under microscope is that it consumes time, working on huge number of samples manually is burdensome which leads to poor result quality with unnecessary medication leading to life trait to the patient and cause eye fatigue to the technicians.  Second one is to use automated blood analysers since this method can achieve very high accuracy, but its cost and maintenance are incredibly high.
 However, computer vision and machine learning are recently applied to solve these limitations. They can enable automatic approach with low cost. 
 Many algorithms were applied to WBC classification task such as Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). We aim to evaluate the classification of the abnormal blood cells based on deformed shaped WBCs image by using CNN and Deep Learning models. 
 In search of generating model to get best accuracy in cells classification we preferred using Deep learning model over machine learning models because in machine learning most of the applied features need to be identified by an domain expert to reduce the complexity of the data but deep learning model itself try to learn high-level features from data in an incredible manner and thus eliminates the need of domain expertise and hard core feature extraction . 
 Then, here we focused on building several numbers of Convolutional Neural Network Models with different activation functions, different number of hidden layers and with variable size of output filters to each convolutional layer to check how these changes in model layers affects the classification and model accuracy and here we discussed our best three accuracy providing CNN models.	
